Can you really let it go?
Our relationship for so many years
We are no longer the same
That being the case
Then I will never bother you again.
Come on, let's drink this wine
Say goodbye to each other
this time
You're still that lowly villain who can only drug
swallow
You listen to me.
I love you so much
I want you so much.
swallow
When you were engaged to me
You can have sex with them
For a contract
Give me to the old man
Regardless of my life
After I was kicked out of the house by the left family
Where were you when you were most helpless?
People like you can say they like it.
No way.
You want to marry
teacher
Director Liu, I really can't afford you as a teacher.
Hey, I've learned so much from you.
Just take me as your disciple
We can progress and learn together
But the teacher really doesn't have to
I don't want to be your teacher
Mommy, I am the only closed disciple.
Why don't you take me as your teacher?